CASMCMS-9279 -- 1.6 (#5749)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: troubleshooting/cms_barebones_image_boot.md

## Test overview

> Note: A [Known issue](../troubleshooting/known_issues/barebones_boot_test_failure.md) exists for CSM 1.6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: In CSM 1.6.0, a known issue may cause a [Barebones Boot Test Failure](known_issues/barebones_boot_test_failure.md). This issue is resolved in CSM 1.6.1.
```

Reviewer: If this always happens, then probably this should say "causes" instead of "may cause". I wasn't sure which was the case.

> Note: A [Known issue](../troubleshooting/known_issues/barebones_boot_test_failure.md) exists for CSM 1.6.0

Reviewer 2: Block comment.
